# Hangul trainer
#### Video Demo: https://youtu.be/9YDhpCNbUec
Description: Layout.html and some functions from app.py have been borrowed from finance. Hangul trainer is a web-app that allows users to learn the korean alphabet. Layout. html has a bootstrap and jinja integration. Top of a web-app is a nav-bar leading to other html files and one external link from where I used some material. Web-app consists of: a main page with brief explanation on how one should approach studying the korean Alphabet; a page with high scores of all users, a link to the main page, and (the most important part) a practice page for learning the korean alphabet. Train.html is a JS-heavy based page that allows users to study korean. This page has a table which has all of korean characters grouped up. If one clicks on a letter, the sound of that letter's pronunciation will play. Users are able to choose certain groups of letters, choose all of them, or uncheck all of the options. Once satisfied with their choice, the user may click "practise" button that renders the practice field.

Rendering desired sections is achieved by JS scripts. Once the button "practise" is clicked main section's style changes to "display: none", while the sub-section's to "display". The main idea of a training page is to memorize korean letters. A random letter from the group(s) the user has chosen will show up on the screen. A user is to write the letter's pronunciation in the "input" menu below the letter. If that pronunciation is correct, another letter appears, user's score increases etc. If a user doesn't know letter's pronunciation, he may click on that letter to reveal an answer. Once satisfied with the overall result, user may press "submit score" button, which, if score is higher than his previous ones, adds that score to korean.db via sqlite3. The whole checking process is achieved with a dict consisting of every charachter key, and its pronunciation. Via "addEventListener('input')" input's pronunciation is compared to the dict's one. If correct, the letter changes and the input becomes blank. Text-to-speech functionality is called if a user clicks on a letter back in the table. A sound corresponding sound is played from the static directory.

App.py. App.py uses cs50, flask, sql libraries. Firstly, the apology function is implemented, which, you may guess, shows an apology if something goes wrong. Secondly, a login_required function is implemented. If a user tries to access an html, that requires a login, without being logged in, he will be redirected back to the log in page. Each user has his own session. During registration to the web-app, user has to come up with a password that includes at least 3 letters, 3 numbers and 1 special symbol. Also, a user has the ability to change his password. High_score function uses sqlite's db.execute function, which is later passed to the render_template function. There, a table is generated, consisting of each user's high score. Below high_score function is a record_score function, which uses the POST method. Once the form's button is clicked, the function copies the high score, updating the data base if that score is higher than said user's previous one.